improve getting started page (#98)
AdRoll/baker: content/en/docs/Getting started/_index.md

description: Quick Baker setup instructions
---

> Do you think Baker suits your needs? Good! Now let's see together how to start using it.

Reviewer: I like a more conversational/informal tone, however with this sentence it seems we are asking the user confimation if they really want to use baker. Proposition:
```suggestion
Looking to use Baker and start building pipelines now? Great, let's see what you need.
```

> Baker is a Go library and, to be used, it needs to be included into a Go program.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Baker is written in Go. To use it you need to import the Baker module into your program.  
```

In this page we describe the simplest way to use Baker. At the end of it, we recommend reading the
[Baker Core Concepts](/docs/core-concepts/) and then have a deep dive in the
[How-to pages](/docs/how-tos/).

## Add Baker...

### ...to a brand-new project

To create a new Go project (using Go modules) and add Baker, these are the suggested steps:

```sh
mkdir myProject
cd myProject
go mod init github.com/myUser/myProject
go get github.com/AdRoll/baker
```

### ...to an existing project

If you are adding Baker to a project already configured to use Go modules, just type:

```sh
cd myProject
go get github.com/AdRoll/baker
```

> ## Use Baker

Reviewer: This doesn't show how to use baker but how to build it

Author: it's a h2 and it includes "configuration" and "run the program" as h3. Maybe we can say: "Build and run Baker"

    "github.com/AdRoll/baker/output"
    "github.com/AdRoll/baker/upload"
)

func main() {
    // Add all available components
    comp := baker.Components{
        Inputs:  input.All,
        Filters: filter.All,
        Outputs: output.All,
        Uploads: upload.All,
    }

    // run Baker
    if err := baker.MainCLI(comp); err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
}
```

To create the binary, just build it:

```sh
cd myProject
go build -o baker-example .
```

### Configuration

In the example above we use [`baker.MainCLI`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/AdRoll/baker#MainCLI),
an utility function that hides a lot of commonly used setup and requires a
[TOML file](https://github.com/toml-lang/toml) as first command line parameter.

The TOML file should the Baker configuration that suits your needs.  
For details about how to configure Baker,
[read the dedicated page](http://localhost:1313/docs/how-tos/pipeline_configuration/).

A simple example, still coming from the [cli](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/tree/main/examples/cli)
example, is the following:

```toml
[fields]
names = ["timestamp", "source", "target"]

[input]
name = "List"

	[input.config]

> 	files=["testdata/input.csv.zst"]

Reviewer: Up to this point a lambda user might have followed but now know what a zstd file is, nor have zstandard installed. We should probably use a more common file type, and rather than creating a small pipeline that just recompress in another format, maybe have one with a simple filter that changes and/or removes some fields.
Also it would be nice if we added a stdin input (reading uncompressed log lines), to get compression out of the way for tutorials, etc.

Author: Ok, I'm changing the example and get the one from the basic example, with a filter. Also, I changed it a bit to use gz.
I like the idea of using a toml from an example (that is linked at the top) so that the user can jump to it

[output]
name = "FileWriter"
procs=1

	[output.config]
	PathString="./_out/output.csv.gz"
```

### Run the program

> Running the program is as simple as it sounds, at this point:

Reviewer: Maybe we could show the program output so that user can make sense of what's happening

Author: :+1:

```sh
./baker-example /path/to/configuration.toml
```

## Next steps

> Start reading [Baker Core concepts](/docs/core-concepts/) and then browse the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to know more on baker concepts? you can read [Baker Core concepts](/docs/core-concepts/).
Or if you prefer to jump in the code you can browse the [API reference](go.dev link).
```

Author: done
